#  11056 - Assignment
## Project 1: Responsive Website
### U3224992 Xinyi Jiang
Creating responsive websites using HTML and CSS is a whole new topic. Although I have learned HTML web production before, this task is a whole new challenge. Compared with the basic knowledge of HTML5 learned before, this time the website production introduces more technical support.The website uses page adaptive technology, different screens, different styles and other design methods and technical support. While satisfying innovation, challenges also increase. This made it difficult for me to develop a website. As much as possible, the quality of the website is up to the industry standard. But there are still many shortcomings. So the website still needs to be optimized.The website uses a minimalist, modular layout. Make all information clearly visible. Users can intuitively locate the content they are interested in quickly. Simplify the functions of the website, and let the main functions focus on page switching and browsing. Reduce user learning costs.After basically determining the layout and functionality of the website, build a low-fidelity prototype to test its usability. After fixing the problem based on the test results, start building a high-fidelity prototype. And do usability testing again. Complete the iteration of the website. Try to keep the quality of this website up to the industry standard.Using HTML and CSS code to create the final output works as expected. The website works fine and meets development expectations. I used some techniques on adaptive techniques, relative positioning, absolute positioning, etc. that were beyond the level of class discussions and did additional research on these techniques. I also used CSS Class selectors, Tag selectors, ID selectors, Wildcard selectors etc. These technologies are used to ensure the final output effect of the website.The website basically met my expectations after it was built. The basic functions can meet the requirements of users. The website also supports adaptive technology. And make sure the website is functioning properly. During the development process, I chose to develop HTML first and then CSS. And continue to optimize the web page.In the early stage of website design, I used sketches to determine the layout structure and function of the website. But after turning it into a low-fidelity model, it didn't work as expected. A lot of features and typography don't work properly. User operation logic is also counter-intuitive. So I redesigned the site. Abandoned complicated functions, and streamlined page content. Make the layout of the web page simple and clear.During the development of HTML, there were basically no problems. However, there are many problems in the development process of CSS. Because this is the first exposure to technologies such as adaptation. So spend a lot of time learning and practicing. After adding CSS, the website does not work properly. So I spent a lot of time fixing these "bugs".This caused a lot of difficulties in the development of the website. At the same time, because of the lack of technical mastery. I can't add more features to the site and continue to optimize the page. If I had more time, I would choose to add more pages to the site, such as the "About Us" and "Annual Festival Details" pages. Also add more animation effects to the website. Allows users to interact more with the website. Improve the user's interactive experience.